Clear eyes, full tums, can't lose.
Just so long as
after this hater goes down,
we get back to the real task at hand.
This is the real task at hand.
Real small task is right.
Friends, I promise tonight's job
will very much be
in the spirit
of our revolutionary mission.
Right. Now, let's sync up watches,
so we can meet up you know where,
you know when.
-See you on the other side.
- Mmm-hmm.
Maybe a little snack first.
Menagerie.
Were you going after that nice lady?
Girl's gotta eat.
-Where are the Elite?
-Like I'd tell you.
Tell us or eat this!
Hey, Dreamer, easy.
I thought that you said
being a superhero was about
showing strength.
Well, I meant more "hands on hips,"
not "screaming in face."
Gotcha.
The Elite can't run forever.
Tell us where they are
and we might go easy on you.
If you touch one scale on my body,
my friends might transport you
to a Fifth Dimension of pain.
Last chance.
Where is Manchester?
It is with great humility
that I accept
this presidential appointment
as your new Director
of the Bureau of Alien Affairs.
This appointment will signal
the dawning of a new day.
A day in which human beings
need no longer live in fear
of aliens or their random acts of--
Say cheers to my little friend.
How's it looking out there?
Supergirl.
You saved our lives.
There!
Time to go, mate.
-What? But I nearly got him.
-Nearly'll have to do.
Hi, Mr. Olsen.
Hey, Eve. Thanks for coming in.
Coffee, two sugars, just how you like.
You remembered.
Uh, thank you, that's very kind.
-Hey, anything for my favorite ex-boss.
-Ah.
Don't tell Ms. Grant I said that.
I most certainly will.
So, what did you want to see me about?
Uh, just wanted to ask you
a few questions, if that's okay.
-Sure.
- Please.
Um...
So, uh, a few weeks ago,
I had a report put on my desk...
Um...
That detailed a black budget at L-Corp.
Normally, I would be
digging into this myself,
but I figured with the nature
of your relationship there--
You figured you'd ask me first?
It's probably easier.
Um...
Obviously, this is something
I'm going to have to talk about
with Ms. Luthor,
but there's nothing to worry about.
The black budget is a tool we use
to shield proprietary science
from our competitors.
So nothing's off?
Mr. Olsen,
you and Ms. Luthor are in a rough patch.
Look at it out there.
Lena is trying to help make
that reality better.
Still, with her approval,
I will email you the budget
so you can see for yourself.
But I promise,
we're one of the good guys.
-Thank you, Eve.
-Of course.
Ms. Luthor,
I was just informed that you're refusing
to test my volunteers.
-Is this true?
-Yes.
The serum's purification level
is still below 90 percent.
At this point, human trials
are too great a risk.
-I disagree.
-Well, that's not your decision.
Tensions in this nation are high.
To keep the peace,
I need my soldiers to be
as strong and as fast as they can be.
I need them super.
And I understand that,
but rushing science is not the answer.
Time is a luxury we do not have.
Don't you think I know that?
I want this serum as quickly as you do,
but I refuse to rush anything
that may kill your agents.
Soldiers take risks every day.
I just need more time.
Fine.
But remember, you were hired to do a job.
Do it.
-Ms. Luthor, I need to tell you something.
-Eve,
can we discuss this later?
Today, this is the only thing
that matters.
Okay. I circled the Earth twice,
east to west.
North to south for me, and--
No sign of the Elite anywhere.
I should've dealt with
this Manchester business
when I had the chance.
You brought him to the police.
What more could you do?
Now the Elite is as bad as Lockwood
and his Liberty fanatics.
Look, all that matters now
is that we find them, and we end this.
A classic superhero speech.
Just... First, we should really do
something about Menagerie.
There's only so much footwear advice
I can take.
Gucci all day and Prada all night.
You can't do this.
Supergirl left us a present.
And a note.
It says, "You're welcome."
Well, she did manage to take down
one of the Elite
and stop Lockwood's assassination
in a day.
Then it sounds like
you've got some breathing room,
which is a good thing.
The president asked me to re-assign you
to a security detail.
-Security? Whose?
- Mine.
But please don't worry, Director Danvers.
I, uh, I come in peace.
Guard Ben Lockwood?
You can't be serious.
-President doesn't joke.
-Lockwood is a murderer.
The only ones that should be
watching over him are prison guards.
Director, you swore
to keep this country safe.
Protecting Ben Lockwood does just that.
Extremists are out to kill him,
and if they succeed,
we will have a revolution on our hands.
There are other qualified agents.
No one has more experience
dealing with hostile extraterrestrials
than you.
And the president knows it.
If you've got an issue doing your job,
you need to take it up with him.
Well, looks like you're stuck with me.
Press conference in ten. Shall we?
-Does it usually take this long?
-What, the dreaming?
Her handling of the dreamscape
is getting faster,
but the Elite could be anywhere.
Have you told her she doesn't have to
wear the suit in private?
It's just a phase.
I did the same thing
when I became Supergirl,
I practically slept in my suit.
-And, I mean, let's face it,
the suits are pretty cool.
Yeah.
J'onn, the... The Elite really seem
to be getting to you.
What's wrong?
This Manchester brings out feelings in me
that I haven't felt in a very long time.
I don't like feeling like this.
Like I could... lose control.
And I just don't know
where it's coming from.
We all have people
who push our buttons, J'onn,
-it's natural.
-Yeah.
Manchester gets under my skin.
Well, good thing Martians have thick skin.
So we have teams set up
at your DC and Collinwood residences.
And I should be getting
an update every hour.
I have to say, it is so great
to finally have a human
in charge of the DEO.
I mean, the idea that an alien
would be running the very department
in charge of policing aliens--
Did you hear that from the DEO agent
that you turned into a terrorist?
Uh, no, from the president.
Okay. I know that you think that
I'm a monster,
but half of England said the same thing
about Winston Churchill,
before World War II, so...
I guess we'll just wait and see.
History will prove me right.
Director Lockwood,
how are you going to stop
domestic terrorism?
Well, I'm great, thank you for asking.
Listen, I, uh, don't really
want to talk about the Elite
or their assassination attempt
on me last night.
Instead,
I would like to discuss with you
what I was prevented from announcing.
My drive to repeal the Alien Amnesty Act.
Because for too long,
alien criminals have come down
to this planet,
and they have been given amnesty,
they've been given protection...
when we are the ones
that need protecting.
We are the ones
who have been suffering. Not them.
With the repeal of the Alien Amnesty Act,
I propose that we send these invaders
back to the planets that they came from,
allowing us to finally live in peace.
I would like to invite you
to a rally tomorrow
in the main concourse
of this very building,
where I will share with you
what I intend to share with Congress...
He can't do that.
Tell me Ben Lockwood
cannot repeal a congressional act--
No, but he can try and sway
the will of the people.
He's just begging the Elite
to take another whack at him.
Which is why
we have to find them before his rally.
-If only we knew where to look.
-The balcony!
Across from the Alien Affairs Building.
-The same place as last night?
-I saw it in my dream.
And returning to the scene of the crime
is a classic bad guy move.
Agent Dox.
Yes, ma'am?
Since Director Lockwood's
little announcement,
a pro-alien march has been organized
to counter his rally.
Someone going by AmericanAlien
is at the center of this one.
I need you to hack into the message board
and see if any extremists
will be showing up to stir the pot.
-You want to stop the march?
-No.
But with Lockwood amping up his base,
and the Elite amping up theirs,
this whole event
could turn into a powder keg.
Well, whoever this AmericanAlien is,
their website is superbly protected.
He or she must be
a highly intelligent cryptophile.
-This may take some time--
-Just do it, Dox.
-Damn it!
-Dreamer said they'd be here.
Dreams are interpretive.
Maybe something about them is here.
Part of them is.
Ugh.
Morae's claw.
You can use that
to track the Morae psychically, right?
Yeah.
Bloomin' heck, man.
Oh, bloody hell.
Well, isn't this a sight.
Yeah. A giant wall of ice.
Now where did your pal Mxy
say the key was?
-He didn't.
-What?
"Under the doormat"?
Right.
No, not gold. It's dwarf star.
Weighs around 500,000 kilos.
These little bad boys will do the trick.
You're very welcome.
Now, can we please get something
for Mo's mitt?
Of course we can.
Oh, I wager we can find
whatever we want in here.
You texted me.
What was so important?
I am going to kill Ben Lockwood.
That? That was the emergency?
Emotional emergency. Yeah. I hate him.
Well, you and a lot of people.
Not a lot of people have just
been put in charge of his security.
-I was.
-What?
Yup. By order of the president.
- Oh.
-I don't know what I should do.
Especially when I should be out there
tracking down Manchester and the Elite,
who I'm pretty sure
are still targeting him.
Well, I'm sure Supergirl will find 'em,
and before that rally,
so you don't have to worry about Lockwood.
Yeah.
But how can I with a clear conscience
protect a man who is causing
so much pain in the world?
You're a hero, Alex.
Heroes make tough decisions.
Well, that's not very helpful.
I mean, it's your job, right?
-Right.
-You keep people safe.
And like it or not,
protecting Lockwood at that rally
will keep all of those people safe.
Human and aliens.
I thought that was good advice.
I don't know--
Well, it is. It is.
It's just exactly what Haley said.
-Ugh.
-Join me.
-I can't. I have a deadline.
Okay, fine, but I call the potstickers.
-What? No.
-All of them. Mmm-hmm.
-That's ridiculous.
-Mmm.
All we're saying is,
if one of us is rottin' in a cell,
it ought to be a priority to get her back.
And all I'm saying is,
we'll fetch Menagerie
as soon as we find what
lets us get around Supergirl.
So we can snuff Benny Boy.
This is the belly of the beast.
Bound to be the seeds
of her destruction somewhere.
Or we just use this.
Taking down Supergirl and killing Lockwood
don't win hearts and minds.
But this?
This will let us activate
all our alien brothers and sisters.
Ooh.
Or we can do even more
with its little brother.
Meh.
"Meh"?
-What about the revolution?
-Killing Lockwood is the revolution.
They take one of ours,
we take one of theirs!
Hey.
You loved Fi like blood, right?
Don't you want to see
her murderer go down?
Yeah, but that isn't
what we set out to do.
We're supposed to be changing the world.
Not acting suicidal to settle old scores.
Back home when the gang found out
you and Fi were otherworldly,
I stuck up for you at great peril.
And you can't do the same for me?
That's different and you know it.
Nah, mate.
The only one that's different now is you.
Come on, Mo. We've lost this one.
I hope you find what you're looking for.
And choke on it.
I can feel the Morae, but I can't see her.
Something's blocking me.
I have an idea.
I don't quite get what you're saying,
but I hear you about Hat.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Hmm.
That's keen.
We need to get Supergirl now.
Something tells me
the thing we're looking for
is right around this corner.
Manchester! It's over!
Yield or die.
Just take it down to like a seven.
Yield, or else.
That's new.
Fun toys she's got here.
This ends right now.
You got that right.
Manchester, no!
The mouth on that one. Honestly.
Any movement on our AmericanAlien
or their website?
None. Their online fingerprint
is generic, at best.
Unidentifiable, at worst.
Without knowing their key, accessing
the message board is next to impossible.
And the march's headcount?
Hovering just over a thousand.
We need to get agents
on the ground for it.
Do we?
In thinking of peaceful protests,
might we consider the success
of the Women's March,
the Million Man March, the Freedom March--
Tiananmen Square.
The Bonus March of 1932.
For every success story,
there is one of lives lost.
This march is filled
with nearly 1,000 aliens,
or alien allies,
which fall under our protection.
And if anything goes wrong, it's on us.
Organize a team.
Very well.
I shall update Agent Reiff
on AmericanAlien's profile.
There's no time for that.
I want you to lead it.
-Me?
-Yes.
Danvers has a team in Lockwood's rally.
You two should coordinate.
I still can't believe it.
Thank you.
He just ran straight into the room.
-He wouldn't stop.
-What was in there?
A baby Sun-Eater.
Kal's.
It feeds on the chemical mass
of small stars.
So, it's basically a living bomb.
Oh... J'onn.
It's strange. I've always
been able to sense Manchester,
feel his rage, his anger, but...
I can't anymore.
It's almost like a weight has been lifted.
-I almost feel--
- Relieved.
Sometimes we don't realize the impact
people have had on us until they're gone.
For good or bad.
Hmm. Thank you.
Both of you.
Maybe now he can find some peace.
Still, Hat's out there,
and we have a job to do.
I may not have a totem, but I can
still try searching for him psychically.
What about us?
We monitor the news
and see if anything pops up.
I was hoping
to speak to Trent Miller.
He's a forensic accountant.
He's looking into a budget for me.
Oh, is that right? Uh, well...
When he gets back in, just have him
give me a call on this line.
Uh, it's James Olsen. Thank you.
Mum, the march will be safe.
I love you, too.
Bye.
Nervous about covering the march?
I'm fine.
No, it's okay if you are, Franklin.
I mean, we are living
in crazy times, right?
It's just important to remember
what we do here every day.
Reporting on events like this,
taking the risk to show all sides,
showing the humanity there.
It's nothing less than heroic.
I mean, think about it.
If you're fighting justice
with your fists,
you can help one, maybe a dozen people.
But good journalism...
That can impact millions.
It's why we became journalists
in the first place, right?
Yeah.
-Thanks, Mr. Olsen.
-No problem.
-Franklin?
-Yeah.
You need a photographer?
Thousands of aliens
and their supporters have turned out...
-Brainy.
-Greetings.
Why are you in your suit?
Breaking it in.
I have nothing.
Hat must be hiding in the Fifth Dimension.
The energy there makes him untraceable.
Uh, yes, I heard about
Manchester's passing.
Um, the Legion ring.
He... He took my ring.
Was it...
Oh.
Well...
That's put to bed now.
Ah, yes. It's the march today, isn't it?
Will you all be joining?
You know, I think we could all
use some peaceful protest today.
-Yeah, I'll be there.
-Wonderful.
Kara, Nia... Uh, Dreamer.
Yes. I definitely think
we should be there.
-Huzzah!
-To patrol.
-What?
-Dreamer stands with Supergirl.
Just gotta stretch first.
Right. Um...
Kara, a word?
I think it would mean a lot
to have Supergirl march today.
I wish I could, Brainy,
but I think it's more important
for me to patrol,
in case things got out of hand.
They won't.
I am AmericanAlien.
Hashtag AmericanAlien.
You organized it?
When I lost my Legion ring,
I realized how much I depended on it.
For strength and confidence.
I thought it's what made me a hero.
But not having it these past few days
has made me see it wasn't
my ring that gave me strength.
It was fighting alongside all of you,
helping to make the Earth a better place.
In times like this, change won't come
from someone with a ring or a cape.
It will only come when each one of us
answers the call to stand up and be heard.
El-may-arah.
Stronger together.
Just because we're superheroes,
it doesn't mean we forget who we are.
I'm sorry, Brainy. The risk is too great.
Ready.
Supergirl may be a symbol,
but more importantly,
she's a citizen of Earth.
Like the rest of us.
Remember that.
Whoo!
We are gathered here today
to unite.
To unite as human Americans
to take back our great land,
and that all starts
with the repeal
of the Alien Amnesty Act.
Agent Dox. Sitrep.
I have the team running perimeter checks.
And I am in a prime location
to run interference.
Roaches get crushed!
Roaches get squashed!
We've got some hecklers
on the south end alongside the march.
En route.
Go home, aliens!
Your planet called!
Go home!
We don't want you!
Supergirl.
What are you doing here?
We are here to show our support
for the repeal of Alien Amnesty.
But that Amnesty is what
gives these aliens their rights.
Why should they get any rights?
-They're just here to hurt us.
-They're not...
Look at them.
They're not here to hurt anyone.
Most of them are fleeing war and violence,
just like I did
when I first came to Earth.
They're not like you.
You're a superhero.
No, you're wrong.
I am just like them.
Were you aware that these aliens
intend to march on this rally today
to quiet us, to silence you?
-Do they have a right to do that?
- No!
Okay. I didn't think
they had a right to do that.
But, hey, we're all learning.
We're slow, but we're learning.
We're learning from them.
We're learning...
that it is us or them.
Us or them.
Us or them!
-Supergirl.
-It's Kara Zor-El.
Citizen of Earth.
It's nice to have you with us.
Me, too.
Thank you.
Both.
Us or them.
-Us or them.
Us or them!
Us or them! Us or them!
Amnesty is not the same thing as empathy.
Allowing these aliens to come
to our world is not an act of kindness.
It is an act of
species-wide self-sabotage.
If we do not repeal the Alien Amnesty Act,
they will not be our undoing,
we will have done that to ourselves!
You see? Right there. Us or them!
Us or them!
Us or them! Us or them!
-Us or them!
- What are they doing?
They've come to take your planet from you!
Well, today, today, we say, no!
Today, we take our planet back from them!
Us or them!
-Stay peaceful.
-Don't stoop to his level.
-Us or them!
I need to get you
off the stage now, Director.
-Where's the threat?
-You're the threat.
Us or them! Us or them!
Hurry. Get him out of here.
Take him someplace safe, away from here.
Mmm. I love the smell of revolution
in the late morning.
Makes me glad to be alive.
Hey...
-Thanks for coming back for me.
-Of course.
We really tricked them into thinking
you walked into that Sun-Eater room.
Plus, you were there for me
in my time of need back home,
least I could do is return the favor.
Just glad you've come around
to my way of thinking.
Shall we?
Us or them!
Us or them! Us or them!
Aliens of this world!
These pigs wanna kill you.
And what, you're gonna take it lying down?
-Oh, no.
-I say, it's time we rise up,
and take them to the slaughter.
So find the nearest alien-hater
and kill them!
The revolution is now!
Take your power back!
Come on!
Hat must have saved Manchester
in the Fortress,
then hidden in the Fifth Dimension--
That's why I couldn't sense him.
-Hologram.
-Then where's the real Manchester?
Close. Given the strength of the signal,
the broadcasting radius
must be less than a city block.
Okay, Brainy, Nia, you clear the area,
-I'll handle--
-Leave Manchester to me!
Right, like I said...
J'onn's got Manchester, I'll find Hat.
Time for a costume change.
Brilliant. Bloody brilliant.
Always one step behind, J'onn.
You can see me.
Manchester!
One for you...
And one for you.
Hello, Hat. We meet again.
Well, if it isn't the Ringless Wonder.
You don't need a ring
when you have friends.
So where are your friends now?
Nice work, Brainy.
Now, get him to the DEO,
and then help me get as many
of these people to safety as you can.
Go back to your planet, roach!
No, please!
Get out of here!
-Thanks, uh...
-Dreamer.
Nice to have another superhero in town.
Is this where you tell me
Fiona wouldn't wanna see me this way?
And that my soul's still worth saving?
No.
I think you're glad Fiona's gone.
-What?
-With her out of the way,
it gives you an excuse to do all this!
This is for justice!
You have the same excuse, too!
Your wife! Your daughters!
Maybe you just need to lose more.
More!
I think we're seeing each other
much clearer now, J'onn.
Thank you, Supergirl.
No, thank you.
I think if it hadn't been
for Manchester,
the march would have been a success.
Even if it wasn't,
amidst all the fighting,
I could feel people coming together.
-We changed some minds.
-And some hearts, too.
I mean, even in the protests in Gotham
and Metropolis, no one got hurt.
People respected each other's differences.
Even yesterday,
I saw some real moments of humanity.
Like in your photo, Mr. Olsen.
It always amazes me
how one image can change the conversation.
Exactly. I heard
in the elevator this morning
someone say that
your photo moved them so much
that they're going to volunteer
at an alien outreach center.
It feels good to be part of the progress,
but the real credit goes
to Supergirl and her new sidekick.
I would love to get an exclusive
with them, if I could.
Sidekick?
I'll get right on that.
-Thanks.
- Mr. Olsen?
You need to see this.
Sure thing.
- A sidekick? That's like me?
-I don't know. I didn't tell him...
...and as a result
of yesterday's demonstration,
the president and I, um,
think it's best to hold
congressional hearings on the matter
before we take any further steps.
Thank you very much.
We did it!
We stopped the repeal.
For now, at least.
The power of the press,
it's an amazing thing.
So is the power of the people.
...demonstration, the president and I...
Director Danvers.
It's good to see you back in the DEO.
It's good to be back, Colonel.
Lockwood is a bureaucrat
with power he doesn't understand.
Not only does that make things dangerous,
it makes our job difficult.
Yeah.
But you were a good soldier yesterday,
putting your duty above your politics.
Not many would have been able to do that.
Thank you.
From all that mess
comes something positive.
Looks like AmericanAlien
was one of the good guys, after all.
-She's very...
-Confounding.
-Yes.
Your ex is pretty good with a camera.
I read the tabloids.
There is a civil war brewing,
I can smell it in the air.
But there might be hope
for the country yet.
Seems time is on your side for now,
so take the night off.
Well, I guess tomorrow's another day.
Tomorrow may be too late.
Where are you, Manchester?
Maybe you just need to lose more.
You can't change me.
Today I find you like a Manhunter.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
You have to go back to the part
where you strong-armed Ben Lockwood.
-Oh, my gosh, you so have a bloodlust.
-Please.
I mean, I don't know,
the whole thing was crazy.
You know, I've never been
through something like that before.
And I know that Supergirl and I
haven't really been
on the same page lately.
You know, seeing her out there
in that march,
hand in hand with everybody else,
-I was inspired.
-Yeah.
To... To rough Ben Lockwood up.
No. No!
No, it was... You know, I...
I followed my beliefs, not the rules.
And it felt really good
to take a moral stand.
Yeah, I think everyone that marched
felt that way.
Mmm-hmm.
Seeing all those people come out
to have their convictions heard...
-And... And James' photos.
-Yeah.
Seeing people who had been fighting
helping each other, that was...
It just goes to show,
no matter who you are,
alien, human, superhero,
every action counts,
and every voice matters.
And who knows,
maybe the good guys will win in the end.
-Exactly.
-Cheers.